and one of them is that you've got some
unpleasant things that you're going to
have to do if you're going to change
your lineup I mean you're thinking and
I've heard it too many times sitting in
your breakout sessions like these where
I'll be sitting in the back at samanya
friend me say well I'd really like to
start that program they're talking about
but my supervisor would never go for it
you were in that session to knock king
we've all heard or you know I'd really
like to do that but I don't know if I
want to ask for the resources to make
that happen because I'm sure they're
going to say no when that thought occurs
i encourage you to remember valentin
grimaldo valentin grimaldo is an
interesting character any time I come to
Texas I always think of valentin
grimaldo valentin grimaldo was walking
down the highway near edinburg texas
anybody here from edinburg texas by the
way okay just checking mounting models
walking down the street in edinburg
texas and he and his friend heard a
noise in the bushes as i heard this
noise in the bushes then they kind of
peeled into the bushes a little bit and
and just at that moment a coral snake
latched onto Valentin grimaldo his hand
and as the snake was was latched onto
his hand and he ripped it away Valentin
gemalto knew that the venom was
spreading quickly up his arm he knew he
needed to make a tourniquet he need to
stop that flow of venom before he got
any further into his his system and so
Val gemalto looking around not being
able to find anything to make a
tourniquet out of reach down bit the
head off the snake scant the snake and
made a tourniquet out of its skin the
doctors say the move saved his life I
know what many of you are thinking
Jones I would have used my shoelaces to
make a tourniquet I don't rip my shirt
my underwear off to make a tourniquet
but I would not i would not in a million
years would I have ever been to head off
that snake but you see fountain grimaldo
knew he didn't have time to waste there
was much to be lost in wasting time if
you don't get excited about making some
changes to your lineup and doing some
things differently think about what
you're going to lose and the danger in
wasting time fretting and worrying about
how you're going to bring this act into
your lineup